refactor!: remove `$rep_extend()` (#1028)
pola-rs/r-polars: NEWS.md

- `<Series>$to_r_list()` is renamed `<Series>$to_list()` (#938).
- Removed `<Series>$to_r_vector()` which was an old alias for
  `<Series>$to_vector()` (#938).
- Removed `<Expr>$rep_extend()`, which was an experimental method created at the

>   early stage of this package and not existing in other language APIs (#1028).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  early stage of this package and does not exist in other language APIs (#1028).
```
